When the alarm snapped him from sleep, Collin nearly hurled his phone against the far wall before collapsing back to his pillow.  His heart was pounding, and he was sticky with sweat after six hours of nightmares.  It didn’t help that, through Collin’s window, the sun hadn’t yet peeked over the horizon.  Taking a deep breath, he blinked and hauled himself off the bed.  Then he paused.
The sun was climbing out of the Atlantic, painting his room in orange, morning light.  Checking his phone, Collin realized he must have dozed.  With a swear, he bolted for the shower, trying to decide what he could cut from his routine.
Traffic didn’t cooperate with his master plan to make up the rest of the lost time.  He even started to wonder if he should have just taken the subway.  Finally, with a grumbling stomach that matched his grumbling mood, Collin pulled into the parking deck of the office high rise, ignoring the ‘reserved’ placard over the first open spot he found.  He paused only long enough to mentally ready himself for the office before sprinting across the parking garage to the elevators.
“Look who decided to show!  It’s Collin,” Pete said as Collin stepped out of the elevator on the thirteenth floor.
“Leave him alone, Pete,” Jimmy said, rising up at another cubicle.
“No, I wanna hear about his latest abduction tale,” Janet said, punctuating her comment with a laugh.  Jimmy winced; the rest of the cubicles joined in the laughter; Collin just kept walking.
“Yeah, Mr. Arlington.  What did your little green men do this time?” another coworker called out, earning another round of laughs.
Gritting his teeth, Collin tried to ignore the rest of the mockery by going straight to his office.  His administrative assistant was dutifully filing her nails—the computer on her desk still unpowered.
“Morning Linda.  Sorry I’m late.  Did Mr. Schuster stop by yet?” 
“Not yet,” the woman said, hardly looking up.  She was the most able secretary Collin had ever met, but her bedside manner was awful.
“Good.  I’ve got some reports to finish up this morning; could you hold my calls for a while?”
“Of course,” Linda replied, absently reaching over to click the power button on her computer.  “Should I delay Mr. Schuster when he gets here?”
“No.  That’ll be fine.  Just buzz me before you send him in.  Thanks, Linda.”
With that, Collin slipped into his quiet, small, windowless office and went around the desk.  His position earned him a much larger, more ornate office, but he’d sacrificed in exchange for working remotely.  He didn’t want to have to move upstate, and his clients seemed more impressed by the city and the office building than they would have been by a larger room.
He powered up his computer and tried to focus on the client evaluation he needed to finish, but he was so exhausted that he could hardly make sense of the numbers.  After a few minutes, he sank back in his chair and sighed.
**
When he woke up, he was sprawled out on the floor, and his desk was gone.  Blinking repeatedly to clear the sleep from his eyes, Collin struggled to his feet.  
His office was empty.  The cheap carpet was level and clean—not even marred by impressions of the ancient desk or heavy filing cabinets to mark where they should have been.  The low hiss of the air conditioner was gone too.  The whole room was eerily silent.
Collin paused to swallow once.  The other employees on the floor had played pranks on him before, but this went beyond their ability.  Collin went to the door and pulled it open.
“Linda, what is—”
There was no desk and no secretary—not even a pair of nail clippers on the bare, concrete floor.  Collin stepped out and stared for a moment before looking back at his own office.  The placard with his name and title was gone.  So was the awful wallpaper.
Thoroughly confused, Collin stepped around the corner to the cubicles full of sales reps—or where the cubicles should have been.  The whole floor was empty; bare concrete floors and evenly spaced steel columns were the only things staring back at him.  It was like his office was the only evidence left on the whole floor that the building had ever been rented.  But Collin didn’t stare at the steel columns for long.
Across the vacant floor, he could see out the windows.  The office buildings across the street were gone.  They’d been replaced by open, clear, blue sky.  There weren’t even any clouds to break the smooth, even color.  Collin stumbled to the nearest window like he was in a trance.
The street was gone down below.  Even the sidewalk was gone.  New York had vanished and been replaced by a sod farm.  Now, stretching out to the horizon was a seemingly endless field of gently swaying, green grass.  Collin felt his stomach turn and was suddenly glad that he’d skipped breakfast.
After staring out the window for what felt like an hour, Collin staggered over to the elevators.  The shafts stuck up from the floor below into the ceiling above.  Collin tried to take comfort that the elevators were still there, but, without the wall paneling and cheap art, they looked lonely, cold, and foreboding.  And the buttons didn’t light up when he tried them.
Collin pressed his ear to the metal door of each elevator in turn, listening for the sound of a moving cart inside.  All four were as silent as the rest of the building.  Finally he gave up and, his hackles rising, headed for the stairwell.
By the time he made it down all thirteen flights of stairs to the lobby, Collin’s hands were shaking with anxiety.  The silence of the building, amplified by the sound of his shoes on the concrete stairs, was nearly smothering him.  It was all he could do not to run across the empty lobby to get outside.
He’d taken two refreshing steps into the grass when he had the disturbing impression that he wasn’t alone anymore.  Turning around slowly, he caught sight of a floating, glowing figure.  His whole body froze in terror as the shimmering white woman drifted closer, her feet not touching the grass.
She reached him but said nothing, her cool, blue eyes burning into his soul.  Collin tried to swallow, but his throat was too dry.  He was somehow sure that the woman could vaporize him at will, and he didn’t want to say or do the wrong thing.
“What happened here?” Collin asked eventually, his dry throat giving a scratchiness to his voice.
“This is a dream world,” the woman said, “created solely for this meeting.  It needn’t be more developed.”
“A dream world?  How does that work?”
“None of that matters, Collin Hammond Arlington.  The only thing that matters is that we need your help on an urgent task.”
“We?”
“Your entire world.  Now listen carefully.”  With that, she reached out and grabbed his forearm.  Instantly, a searing pain shot up through his body.  The rest of her message seemed to surface directly into his brain, rather than being spoken.
